[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/ergoplatform/ergo-appkit/java-client-generated/src/main/java/org/ergoplatform/restapi/client/Asset.java)

This code defines a Java class called `Asset` that represents a token detail in a transaction. It contains two fields: `tokenId` and `amount`. `tokenId` is a string that represents the unique identifier of the token, while `amount` is a long integer that represents the amount of the token. 

The class also includes getter and setter methods for both fields, as well as methods for equality checking, hashing, and string representation. The string representation method returns a string that contains the values of the `tokenId` and `amount` fields.

This class is likely used in the larger project to represent token details in transactions. It can be instantiated and populated with values for `tokenId` and `amount`, and then passed to other parts of the project that require this information. For example, it could be used in a method that creates a new transaction and needs to specify the tokens being transferred.

Here is an example of how this class could be used:

```
Asset asset = new Asset();
asset.setTokenId("abc123");
asset.setAmount(1000L);

System.out.println(asset.getTokenId()); // prints "abc123"
System.out.println(asset.getAmount()); // prints "1000"
```
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of this code?
- This code defines a Java class called `Asset` which represents token details in a transaction, and includes methods for getting and setting the token ID and amount.

2. What version of the OpenAPI spec is this code based on?
- This code is based on version 4.0.12 of the OpenAPI spec.

3. Is this class editable or auto-generated?
- This class is auto-generated by the Swagger code generator program, and should not be edited manually.