[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/ergoplatform/ergo-appkit/java-client-generated/src/main/java/org/ergoplatform/restapi/client/CommitmentWithSecret.java)

This code defines a Java class called `CommitmentWithSecret` which extends another class called `Commitment`. The purpose of this class is to represent a commitment to a secret value along with the secret randomness used to generate the commitment. This class is generated automatically by the Swagger code generator program and should not be edited manually.

The `CommitmentWithSecret` class has a few methods that override methods from the `Commitment` class. The `equals` method checks if two `CommitmentWithSecret` objects are equal by calling the `equals` method of the superclass. The `hashCode` method returns the hash code of the superclass. The `toString` method returns a string representation of the `CommitmentWithSecret` object by calling the `toString` method of the superclass and appending it to a string.

This class may be used in the larger project to represent commitments to secret values with secret randomness. For example, if the project involves creating and verifying zero-knowledge proofs, this class may be used to represent the commitments used in the proofs. Here is an example of how this class may be used:

```
CommitmentWithSecret commitment = new CommitmentWithSecret();
commitment.setValue("secret value");
commitment.setRandomness("secret randomness");
```

In this example, a new `CommitmentWithSecret` object is created and its `setValue` and `setRandomness` methods are called to set the secret value and randomness used to generate the commitment. This object can then be used in other parts of the project to generate and verify zero-knowledge proofs.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of the `CommitmentWithSecret` class and how does it differ from the `Commitment` class it extends?
- The `CommitmentWithSecret` class represents a commitment to a secret along with secret randomness, and it extends the `Commitment` class. It does not add any additional fields or methods, but overrides the `equals` and `hashCode` methods to compare based on the parent class.

2. What is the `@Schema` annotation used for in this code?
- The `@Schema` annotation is used to provide a description of the class for use in API documentation generated by the OpenAPI spec. In this case, it describes the purpose of the `CommitmentWithSecret` class.

3. Why does the `toString` method call `toIndentedString` instead of `super.toString` directly?
- The `toIndentedString` method is a private helper method that formats the output of the `toString` method by adding indentation to each line. By calling `toIndentedString` instead of `super.toString` directly, the output of the parent class's `toString` method is also indented.