[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/ergoplatform/ergo-appkit/java-client-generated/src/main/java/org/ergoplatform/restapi/client/FeeHistogramBin.java)

The `FeeHistogramBin` class is a model class that represents a fee histogram bin. It is used in the Ergo Node API to represent a bin in a histogram of transaction fees. The class has two properties: `nTxns` and `totalFee`. `nTxns` is an integer that represents the number of transactions in the bin, while `totalFee` is a long that represents the total fee of the transactions in the bin.

This class is generated automatically by the Swagger Codegen program and should not be edited manually. It is used by other classes in the Ergo Node API to represent fee histogram bins. For example, the `FeeHistogram` class contains an array of `FeeHistogramBin` objects.

Here is an example of how the `FeeHistogramBin` class might be used in the Ergo Node API:

```java
FeeHistogramBin bin = new FeeHistogramBin();
bin.setNTxns(10);
bin.setTotalFee(1000000L);
```

In this example, a new `FeeHistogramBin` object is created and its `nTxns` property is set to 10 and its `totalFee` property is set to 1000000.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of this code?
- This code defines a Java class called `FeeHistogramBin` which represents a fee histogram bin.

2. What external libraries or dependencies does this code use?
- This code uses the `com.google.gson` and `io.swagger.v3.oas.annotations` libraries.

3. Can this code be modified manually?
- No, this code should not be edited manually as it is auto-generated by the Swagger code generator program.