[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/ergoplatform/ergo-appkit/java-client-generated/src/main/java/org/ergoplatform/restapi/client/FeeHistogram.java)

This code defines a Java class called `FeeHistogram` that extends `java.util.ArrayList<FeeHistogramBin>`. The purpose of this class is to represent a fee histogram for transactions in a mempool. A fee histogram is a graphical representation of the distribution of transaction fees in a mempool. It shows how many transactions are paying a certain fee rate, and how much total fee is being paid at that rate.

The `FeeHistogram` class has three methods: `equals()`, `hashCode()`, and `toString()`. The `equals()` method checks if two `FeeHistogram` objects are equal by comparing their `super` properties. The `hashCode()` method returns the hash code of the `super` property. The `toString()` method returns a string representation of the `FeeHistogram` object.

This class is generated by the Swagger Codegen program, which is a tool that generates client libraries, server stubs, and documentation from an OpenAPI specification. The `@Schema` annotation is used to provide a description of the class for the OpenAPI specification.

In the larger project, this class can be used to represent fee histograms for transactions in a mempool. For example, if the project has a feature that displays the distribution of transaction fees in a mempool, the `FeeHistogram` class can be used to store and manipulate the data. The `FeeHistogramBin` class, which is not shown in this code snippet, is likely used to represent a single bin in the histogram.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of this code?
- This code defines a class called `FeeHistogram` which extends `java.util.ArrayList<FeeHistogramBin>` and represents a fee histogram for transactions in mempool.

2. What version of the OpenAPI spec is this code based on?
- This code is based on version 4.0.12 of the OpenAPI spec.

3. Why does the `FeeHistogram` class override the `equals` and `hashCode` methods?
- The `FeeHistogram` class overrides the `equals` and `hashCode` methods to ensure that two instances of the class are considered equal if they contain the same elements in the same order.