[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/ergoplatform/ergo-appkit/java-client-generated/src/main/java/org/ergoplatform/restapi/client/PeersStatus.java)

The `PeersStatus` class is a model class that represents the status of a peer in the Ergo network. It contains two fields: `lastIncomingMessage` and `currentNetworkTime`. 

The `lastIncomingMessage` field is a `Long` that represents the timestamp of the last incoming message from the peer. The `currentNetworkTime` field is a required `Long` that represents the current network time of the peer.

This class is generated by the Swagger code generator program and should not be edited manually. It is used in the Ergo Node API to represent the status of a peer in the network. 

Here is an example of how this class might be used in the larger project:

```java
PeersStatus peerStatus = new PeersStatus();
peerStatus.lastIncomingMessage(1625678900L);
peerStatus.currentNetworkTime(1625678910L);
```

In this example, a new `PeersStatus` object is created and the `lastIncomingMessage` and `currentNetworkTime` fields are set to specific values. This object can then be used to represent the status of a peer in the Ergo network.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of this code?
- This code defines a Java class called `PeersStatus` that represents the status of peers in the Ergo Node API.

2. What is the significance of the `@SerializedName` and `@Schema` annotations?
- The `@SerializedName` annotation is used to specify the name of the JSON property that corresponds to a Java field. The `@Schema` annotation is used to provide additional information about a field, such as its description and whether it is required.

3. Why is the `toIndentedString` method private?
- The `toIndentedString` method is only used internally by the `toString` method to format the output string. It is not intended to be called directly by external code, so it is made private to prevent misuse.