[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/ergoplatform/ergo-appkit/java-client-generated/src/main/java/org/ergoplatform/restapi/client/ScanRequest.java)

The `ScanRequest` class is part of the Ergo Node API and is used to create a request to scan the blockchain for specific transactions. The class has two properties: `scanName` and `trackingRule`. The `scanName` property is a string that represents the name of the scan. The `trackingRule` property is an instance of the `ScanningPredicate` class, which is used to define the criteria for the scan.

The `ScanRequest` class has two methods for setting the values of its properties: `scanName` and `trackingRule`. These methods return the instance of the `ScanRequest` class, which allows for method chaining. The `getScanName` and `getTrackingRule` methods are used to retrieve the values of the `scanName` and `trackingRule` properties, respectively.

The `equals` and `hashCode` methods are used to compare two instances of the `ScanRequest` class for equality. The `toString` method returns a string representation of the `ScanRequest` instance.

This class is generated by the Swagger Codegen program and should not be edited manually. It is used in the larger Ergo Node API project to create requests for scanning the blockchain. An example of how this class may be used in the larger project is shown below:

```
ScanRequest request = new ScanRequest()
    .scanName("myScan")
    .trackingRule(new ScanningPredicate()
        .property("output.value")
        .operator(">")
        .value("1000000"));
```

This code creates a new `ScanRequest` instance with a `scanName` of "myScan" and a `trackingRule` that looks for transactions with an output value greater than 1000000. This request can then be sent to the Ergo Node API to scan the blockchain for matching transactions.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of this code?
- This code defines a Java class called `ScanRequest` which is used to represent a request to scan a resource.

2. What is the significance of the `ScanningPredicate` class?
- The `ScanningPredicate` class is used as a type for the `trackingRule` field in the `ScanRequest` class, and represents a predicate used to filter resources during a scan.

3. Why is the `ScanRequest` class generated by a code generator program?
- The `ScanRequest` class is generated by the Swagger code generator program, which automatically generates code based on an OpenAPI specification. This ensures consistency and accuracy in the generated code.