[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/ergoplatform/ergo-appkit/java-client-generated/src/main/java/org/ergoplatform/explorer/client/model/HeaderInfo.java)

The `HeaderInfo` class is a model class that represents the header information of a block in the Ergo blockchain. It contains various fields that provide information about the block, such as its ID, version, height, epoch, difficulty, and various root hashes. 

This class is used in the Ergo Explorer API to provide information about blocks to clients. The API returns instances of this class as JSON objects, which can be deserialized into instances of this class in client code. 

For example, a client could make a request to the API to retrieve the header information for a specific block, and the API would return a JSON object representing an instance of the `HeaderInfo` class. The client could then deserialize this JSON object into an instance of the `HeaderInfo` class and use its fields to access the block's information. 

Here is an example of how a client could use an instance of the `HeaderInfo` class:

```java
HeaderInfo headerInfo = // retrieve header info from API
System.out.println("Block ID: " + headerInfo.getId());
System.out.println("Block height: " + headerInfo.getHeight());
System.out.println("Block difficulty: " + headerInfo.getDifficulty());
// etc.
```

Overall, the `HeaderInfo` class is an important part of the Ergo Explorer API, providing clients with information about blocks in the Ergo blockchain.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of this code?
- This code defines a Java class called `HeaderInfo` that represents a block/header in the Ergo blockchain. It contains various properties such as ID, height, difficulty, and timestamps.

2. What external libraries or dependencies does this code use?
- The code imports `java.util.Objects` and `com.google.gson.annotations.SerializedName` packages. It also uses annotations from `io.swagger.v3.oas.annotations.media.Schema`.

3. What is the format of the data that this code handles?
- The data format is JSON, as indicated by the use of `@SerializedName` annotations and the `com.google.gson` package. The class is generated by Swagger Codegen, which suggests that it is part of a larger API project.