[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/ergoplatform/ergo-appkit/java-client-generated/src/main/java/org/ergoplatform/explorer/client/model/NotFound.java)

This code defines a Java class called `NotFound` that represents a response object returned by the Ergo Explorer API. The `NotFound` class has two properties: `status` and `reason`, both of which are serialized using the Gson library. The `status` property is an integer that represents the HTTP status code of the response, while the `reason` property is a string that provides a human-readable explanation of why the requested resource was not found.

This class is used in the Ergo Explorer API to provide a standardized response format for requests that result in a 404 Not Found error. By using this class, the API can ensure that clients receive a consistent response format regardless of the specific resource that was not found.

Here is an example of how this class might be used in the larger Ergo Explorer project:

```java
import org.ergoplatform.explorer.client.api.NotFoundException;
import org.ergoplatform.explorer.client.api.ExplorerApi;
import org.ergoplatform.explorer.client.model.NotFound;

ExplorerApi api = new ExplorerApi();
try {
    // Make a request to the API to retrieve a resource that does not exist
    api.getResource("nonexistent-resource");
} catch (NotFoundException e) {
    // Handle the 404 Not Found error by parsing the response body as a NotFound object
    NotFound notFound = e.getResponseBody();
    System.out.println("Resource not found: " + notFound.getReason());
}
```

In this example, the `ExplorerApi` class is used to make a request to the Ergo Explorer API to retrieve a resource that does not exist. If the API returns a 404 Not Found error, the `NotFoundException` is caught and the response body is parsed as a `NotFound` object. The `reason` property of the `NotFound` object is then used to provide a user-friendly error message to the client.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of this code?
- This code defines a Java class called `NotFound` that represents a response object for a 404 error.

2. What dependencies does this code have?
- This code depends on the `com.google.gson` and `io.swagger.v3.oas.annotations` packages.

3. Can this code be modified manually?
- No, this code should not be edited manually as it is auto-generated by the Swagger Codegen program.