[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/ergoplatform/ergo-appkit/java-client-generated/src/main/java/org/ergoplatform/explorer/client/model/TransactionInfo1.java)

The `TransactionInfo1` class is a model class that represents a transaction in the Ergo blockchain. It contains information about the transaction such as its ID, the ID of the corresponding header, the height of the block the transaction was included in, the timestamp the transaction got into the network, the index of the transaction inside a block, the number of transaction confirmations, and lists of inputs, data inputs, and outputs.

This class is generated by the Swagger Codegen program and should not be edited manually. It is used by other classes in the `org.ergoplatform.explorer.client.model` package to represent transactions in the Ergo blockchain.

Here is an example of how this class might be used in the larger project:

```java
import org.ergoplatform.explorer.client.api.TransactionsApi;
import org.ergoplatform.explorer.client.model.TransactionInfo1;

public class ErgoExplorer {
    public static void main(String[] args) {
        TransactionsApi transactionsApi = new TransactionsApi();
        TransactionInfo1 transaction = transactionsApi.getTransactionById("12345");
        System.out.println("Transaction ID: " + transaction.getId());
        System.out.println("Number of confirmations: " + transaction.getConfirmationsCount());
        // ...
    }
}
```

In this example, we create an instance of the `TransactionsApi` class, which provides methods for interacting with the Ergo blockchain's transactions. We then use the `getTransactionById` method to retrieve a `TransactionInfo1` object representing a transaction with the ID "12345". We can then access the various properties of the transaction, such as its ID and number of confirmations, using the getter methods provided by the `TransactionInfo1` class.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of this code?
- This code defines a Java class called `TransactionInfo1` which represents information about a transaction in the Ergo blockchain.

2. What are the properties of a `TransactionInfo1` object?
- A `TransactionInfo1` object has the following properties: `id`, `headerId`, `inclusionHeight`, `timestamp`, `index`, `confirmationsCount`, `inputs`, `dataInputs`, and `outputs`.

3. What is the purpose of the `equals`, `hashCode`, and `toString` methods?
- These methods are used for object comparison and string representation. The `equals` method checks if two `TransactionInfo1` objects are equal, the `hashCode` method generates a hash code for a `TransactionInfo1` object, and the `toString` method returns a string representation of a `TransactionInfo1` object.