[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/ergoplatform/ergo-appkit/java-client-generated/src/main/java/org/ergoplatform/explorer/client/model/TransactionInfo.java)

The `TransactionInfo` class is a model class that represents a transaction in the Ergo blockchain. It contains information about the transaction such as its ID, the ID of the block it was included in, the height of the block, the timestamp, the index of the transaction in the block, the number of confirmations, the inputs, data inputs, outputs, and the size of the transaction in bytes.

This class is used in the Ergo Explorer API to provide information about transactions to clients. It is generated by the Swagger Codegen program and should not be edited manually.

Here is an example of how this class can be used:

```java
TransactionInfo transaction = new TransactionInfo()
    .id("12345")
    .blockId("67890")
    .inclusionHeight(100)
    .timestamp(1625678910L)
    .index(0)
    .numConfirmations(5)
    .addInputsItem(new InputInfo())
    .addDataInputsItem(new DataInputInfo())
    .addOutputsItem(new OutputInfo())
    .size(200);

System.out.println(transaction.toString());
```

This will create a new `TransactionInfo` object with the specified values and print out its string representation.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of this code?
- This code defines a Java class called `TransactionInfo` that represents information about a transaction in the Ergo blockchain.

2. What are the properties of a `TransactionInfo` object?
- A `TransactionInfo` object has properties such as `id`, `blockId`, `inclusionHeight`, `timestamp`, `index`, `numConfirmations`, `inputs`, `dataInputs`, `outputs`, and `size`.

3. What is the purpose of the `equals`, `hashCode`, and `toString` methods?
- These methods are used for object comparison and printing. `equals` and `hashCode` are used for comparing two `TransactionInfo` objects, while `toString` is used for printing a `TransactionInfo` object as a string.