[View code on GitHub](https://github.com/ergoplatform/ergo-appkit/appkit/src/main/java/org/ergoplatform/appkit/config/WalletConfig.java)

The `WalletConfig` class is a part of the `ergo-appkit` project and provides parameters for working with a wallet. The purpose of this class is to store the mnemonic, password, and mnemonic password used for generating keys in the wallet. 

The `getMnemonic()` method returns the mnemonic used for generating keys in the wallet. It is important that this value is the same as the one used by the wallet of the node specified in `ErgoNodeConfig#getNodeApi()`. This ensures that the keys generated by the wallet are compatible with the node's wallet.

The `getPassword()` method returns the password used by the Ergo node wallet to protect wallet data. An empty or null string value means that no password is set.

The `getMnemonicPassword()` method returns the password used to protect the mnemonic. By default, this value is the same as the `password` value returned by the `getPassword()` method. 

This class can be used in the larger project to configure the wallet used by the Ergo node. For example, a developer could create an instance of the `WalletConfig` class and set the mnemonic, password, and mnemonic password values to match the values used by the node's wallet. This instance could then be passed to other classes or methods that require access to the wallet configuration. 

Here is an example of how the `WalletConfig` class could be used in the larger project:

```
ErgoNodeConfig nodeConfig = new ErgoNodeConfig(...);
WalletConfig walletConfig = new WalletConfig();
walletConfig.setMnemonic("example mnemonic");
walletConfig.setPassword("example password");
walletConfig.setMnemonicPassword("example mnemonic password");
nodeConfig.setWalletConfig(walletConfig);
```

In this example, an instance of the `ErgoNodeConfig` class is created with some unspecified parameters. An instance of the `WalletConfig` class is also created and its mnemonic, password, and mnemonic password values are set. Finally, the `WalletConfig` instance is passed to the `setWalletConfig()` method of the `ErgoNodeConfig` instance, which configures the node's wallet with the specified values.
## Questions: 
 1. What is the purpose of this class?
   - This class contains parameters for working with a wallet in the Ergo platform.
2. What are the three private variables declared in this class?
   - The three private variables declared in this class are `mnemonic`, `password`, and `mnemonicPassword`.
3. What is the difference between `password` and `mnemonicPassword`?
   - `password` is used to protect wallet data, while `mnemonicPassword` is used to protect the mnemonic (which is used for generation of keys in the wallet). By default, `mnemonicPassword` is the same as `password`.